Results
================

## Naive multi-choice trials

During the naive multi-choice feeding trial phase of the experiment,
snowshoe hares ate an average of 51.6 ± 20.78 g DM/day across all diets.
There was no significant effect of diet on intake rate during naive
multi-choice trials (p = 0.7; Figure 2). Intake rates by diet translated
to average intakes of 6.03 ± 3.04 and 22.18 ± 8.63 g DM/day of CP and
NDF, respectively (Figure 2). The target intake of naive hares fell
between the nutritional rails of Diets B and C.

![Figure 2](Output/figures/targetintake.jpeg)

## Single-choice feeding trials: treatment-level analysis

We conducted 19 single-choice feeding trials on 9 individuals. Hares ate
on average 81.48 g DM/kg/day of food across all diets. There was an
overall significant effect of diet on intake rate (p = 1.7^{-4}; daily
measure), but this varied between diets (Figure 3, panel A). The tukey
test on this ANOVA shows that intake rates for diets C and D differ
significantly from diet A, while all other diets did not differ
significantly in intake rate (add stars to Figure 3). This pattern of
intake rate resulted in hares on diets B and C to have CP and NDF intake
rates closest to the average intake rates of hares offered all diets
(Figure 3, panel B).

![Figure 3](Output/figures/intakebarandrail.jpeg)

There was an overall significant effect of diet on weight change during
feeding trials (p = 0.02; trial measures). Diet A yielded the highest
weight loss over the three-day long trials (-1.32 %/day), while diets B
and C allowed hares to maintain their original weight over feeding
trials (Figure 4). The tukey test showed that weight change differed
significantly between diet A and diets B and C (add stars to Figure 4).

![Figure 4](Output/figures/weightchangebar.jpeg)

Based on fecal composition, diet treatment significantly affected daily
CP (p = 0), NDF (p = 0), and ADF (p = 0) digestion rates. Across
treatments, hares digested more CP as diet CP:NDF increased (from A to
D), and CP digestion differed significantly between all combinations of
diet except for diets C and B (Figure 5). NDF and ADF digestion rates
decreased as CP:NDF increased until diet C, after which NDF and ADF
digestion did not change significantly between diet C and D (Figure 5).

![Figure 5](Output/figures/dietdigestion.jpeg)

## Single-choice feeding trials: geometric analysis

![Figure 6](CPdig)
